[Music]
Dude, let's do it, he made me a video
if I were an [ __ ]
if I were an [ __ ] I'd look at my name is
dude because he has the channel really
really dead
or rather like I
think he's
past not wanting to answer me he doesn't
want to debate us but video yes
because giving him a point of view is
pedantic
I think he's desperate but oh well
let's see it let's
see it
and for kids
we are in the best moment now of the
exemplary career what this one does to you or
yes but what is the salsa youtube and
light this part
already what he wants to sting Javi to then
cry
[ __ ] if you're going to make videos for me
come on debate like he does
n't want to debate that no more well
what was the topic of the debate or why we
were going to debate he
wanted to escape from that space on
twitter
and now you tell me that you made me another
video
well then let's see it he
tries to copy from 2018 and the same as the
same and let's try but anyway
as you are welcome to  channel more
families on a happy day of the entire
damn internet and tell you that what
has the biggest t-shirt from the other time
that it was the video was a video of a
cartoon not of the Dallas cartoon not
Elche no yeah okay okay well
sorry because
in addition
to the t-shirt
that said if you see me that I have changed the
lighting and such it is because I am
recording another day I
change three or four times
a day
so I am very scratched about hygiene and
god I change three or four times
a day
I am all that I have achieved while I have been
on youtube all these years it
is not that I have achieved
enough video to buy a roll
of toilet paper but from the community
that I have created I mean if you show me something
day after day both in the
comments and on twitter and
especially on the discord channel is that I am
without a doubt the best community there is
on the internet I say it honestly
but also sincerely the community
that must have the worst social interaction
in their day to day not because
what a bunch of autistics you are made of
damn but because I want to screw you to be
clear
but I am using the third
meaning of the root that then
allies and the offended it
makes me sad it's true man
with the community is
autism Spain regrets that the RAE does not
suppress the third meaning of the term
autistic despite the repeated request
of the associative movement of autism
said exception makes it difficult to project
a realistic and positive social image
that favors the social inclusion of
all people with ASD the director
of the Royal Spanish Academy in response to
our request to replace the
third definition of the word autistic
in the dictionary considering
that it projects the same difficulty has
stated that it is not going to be
suppressed since it was included after
having followed a process in which it was
verified that said session met the
requirements that the DRAE regulations
establish for inclusion in
replacement ario
yes but come on the fourth one they wanted to put
so small that we have but so
cohesive and so strong that I
am truly proud of you [ __ ] and
also when I see that people from my album
now do things not with the server like
this opening of the server itself or rather
to flip
[Music] let's
see how many album servers have their
own opening and what do you say  [ __ ] you
socas if after watching this you don't want to
enter the disk server the slide
is that you have no soul literally to those
who want to enter you have the link okay
to be able to access in the description of
this video do not hesitate enter I do not think you are
going to learn many positive things
but surely you will learn how to create your
own gunpowder at home or something like that
this has not been said by the hand arq
because you do not have a personality and today he does
not try to do it I mean that the
third definition of inclusive language
well it is about inclusive definition
like them is that I do not understand let's see
literally I do not understand in the end
in the end no no he is not using
this because there is because the RAE
ah
no it's that the third definition of the
RAE says that look let's see
you are using autism it
was referring to autistic people
people with autism with TEA okay
because because in one of the clicks that I
put
fire
1st
that is a cross to get out of the way it is
something that can be done from home and let's not
fool ourselves youtubers streamers
are autistic we do not know about home it does not
matter  if it is that I make 8 if it is something
quite relive because a
family a little quite troll a little
autistic but the bottom line I think it is something
quite relive before starting
what is the channel with the most
autistic audience love like a little family and
the truth is that it's cool and also that you
leave a comment of these that you
like to leave in plan amoxicillin they know like that
randomly so that it is clear
comment or autism but at the end of the day it
is like a little family in there
sometimes it sticks a little not of
autism but at the end of the day it is that it
sticks a little autism
bautistas without in my videos not so
lamentable at the graphic level and at the level of
playability only some people with a
high degree of autism tolerate
visual alteration a person with a
high degree of autism you were not
using it according to the third definition
of the RAE laser
to refer to people who do not
relate much
you were using it as people
who have autism do
you understand the laser lane this
absurd excuse well it seems ridiculous to me but
well in this sense if it does not
seem wrong to you to use it do the  that you get the
support man you are as you should be yeah
I wouldn't fix it much if it
weren't like that but no this is an excuse that
you've found to hold on to like
a burning nail okay but man I would half
ask you to disrespect us
people with autism
riva to turn around waist alone
because we started
[Music]
sincerely I'm going to talk to you about a subject that
was controversial a week or so ago but
as always I'm late what
happens is that it's a subject that I have an
opinion on that it seems that no one has given it
before sincerely I would
like to express myself as always shout
about Carmela says that's why I have a
YouTube channel no what the [ __ ] you
know that here if you come looking for
current events it's not my thing I recognize it
current events are not my thing what do you want me to
tell you the [ __ ] but anyway taking advantage of the fact
that even Mr. Javier or neither Belgians
dedicated a video to me now one a few days
this video here okay it's called the
most pathetic hater in Dallas
harshly attacks Beijing well
finally I finally have my title that I've been
looking for so long from the hater  more is
pitiful of dalal having
never forget the old man from dallas in this by the
way how was the squid game
on tweet totally taking advantage of how
powerful the gray
the joke of finally I have a title
already used it in another video not of those we
saw not that one that top
hat that they have laughed at what is it
worth to me do well
very well the squid egg
very well more than 6000 viewers
every day
and how was the squid game for you
for the squid it seems to me that you have it
in your head
my goodness day
that javi oliveira gave him hype the
tweets that he uploads to the random let's see it
turns out that you have sent me this
screenshot of said whatever
wow he is in laser mode dude well nothing I am
going to explain my opinion in depth
on this subject because it seems that
people do not understand baleados I explained
the context the issue is that as a result of the
slam you know the first others
people do not understand that you do not understand anything
about the sre read dude he
is misunderstood
but if they handled you by mistake, they're
laughing
and we're just watching the
video, okay,
I imagine that the evidence that they
had shot me by mistake, okay, but I
don't understand being the mockery almost or
the mockery was born because they put the mockery
city that banned the most or that I already lost
the tournament, that
's why I don't understand
and this one organized the flu for streamers,
youtubers, from the
Spanish-speaking community, it's like a kind of
Oscars gala but for youtubers and
streamers, okay, so that we
understand each other, well, in that gala there was
a nomination for the
revelation streamer of the year 2021 and
Sara begin was nominated along with socas and me,
Juan and Mariana, and the truth is that that
category in particular was quite
controversial, and now I'll tell you why the
fact is that this little one, like she leaves
here, is folk ago, okay, and it seems that she set
the networks on fire a bit during those
days because she said that Sara did not deserve to
be nominated for revelation streamer of the
year because what she had was given
because she was Iron Begin's girlfriend,
be here look I was encouraged that there is very
good to
say it to me it does not seem that she has been
a revelation streamer I regret to
communicate it for me she should not have been
nominated for me for me she is a
good streamer but as a
revelation streamer I think not
and in the end she is where she is because she is the
girlfriend of aurum play because that is why
then she can be very good but for me she is
not a revelation okay this I
totally agree with what
cancin said or rather that she was not a
revelation streamer that she was not the one who
was awarded as a revelation streamer
okay but not because she is the 9 of
aurum and she says where she is for having been
9 of auro precisely we have been
seeing her first and the truth is that we are
doing very well
the issue that I lived already came with a lot of
pull from other networks you
know it has not been like ave for me
revelation streamer is that living so much has
been a revelation revelation revelation
has good numbers in the light the number went up
of course not but for me a
revelation streamer and I juan
the chocas or the clash but for me the one who
had to have won four and gave
plays done gave us juana past  yes
iowa was doing well on youtube all you
want but not the same as in tweets
for me juan suddenly went
from being a medium youtube
yes but not even charter would
always reveal it is that you started neither to
benitez is around 67 thousand viewers it
is not what I was experiencing but the fact is that
he choca goat
and I already talked a lot almost because he choca this
this year
in the tournament of a million and a half but the thing is
that I one guy at bar 20 with 100 thousand
viewers
those are numbers that I consider a
crimea revelation no
more than 220
in 2021 I do
n't know what to say
a revelation is the mariana chocas that
come almost from nowhere
and grew it does not come from a base of euros
those statements set twitter on fire
everyone turned against folk
now otherwise now so now
for example
imagine that one day suddenly my
channel or whatever crashes and I go from
having 600 viewers
600 viewers to having 60 thousand
I would no longer be a screamer of velacin
because already  I'm known on YouTube I do
n't think so of
course it wouldn't be a revelation
okay okay
then of course then we would be in
that the chocar is well awarded no or the
Mariana the choca or the Mariana already tastes
no there were some words a little
average also towards Cristina and others
stream in total it was a brown mess okay
but let's focus on the case of
Sara Beijing because if not this video is going to
last 19 and a half hours and we plan
well the fact is that it was with the fire
of the networks not with the case of Sara
begin and whenever Sara is trending or
is on everyone's lips the tweets
that she uploaded in 2013-2014 2012 come out well we
could say that black humor that
nowadays well are not very well seen what do you
want me to tell you then the whole
world of the internet started to talk about
if Sala had already rectified with that
I am that yes and Sahara begin has changed she is
no longer the same as she was that she continues that
sense of humor I don't know what it is about
today that blah blah blah all this no and I
well nothing I was in my house in
twitter reading
people's opinions I said well I'm going to do
mine too damn that's why I'm an
opinionist or something and twitter the next thing I
feel like Sergio tells us because they don't
speak very forced in the being and it
moves like this very forced that you can notice
that station some type of acting
role sense of what I don't see you
don't change there are no genres from 10 years old at
20 this made you laugh now at 30
also what does change are the
times either you adapt or they found you right
and well these are the tweets that
bilingual room put up I'm not going to read several I'm not
leaving a moment on screen here so you can
read them if you want to pause
the video and that and we wait because to continue
and there's nothing wrong with everyone has
the humor they have and the human brain
is much more complex than if this
makes you laugh it's because you're sick or you have no
empathy what I do find
deplorable is being hypocritical and saying
now it's not funny to me and I add no of
course what coincidence now that they found you
for it it's no longer funny but
when I was  in fashion it was super funny
of course come on, you can trick another
champion and I repeat that you like
dark humor there is nothing wrong with it I
love it I enjoy it I love to imagine
grotesque situations and monstrosities
like I do many people the sad thing
is being so prudish not to accept that
the human brain is like this this is what I
said in my tweets which is quite
clear but I don't know why javi
oliveira said that she attacked Beijing
harshly chat in fact I am literally
defending her from those tweets that she
posted and let's see I am going to try to
explain my tweets in depth
because it seems that many people did not
even understand it and deduced from my
words that I said that it has to be
funny to you all your life the same as
if when you were 20 years old and it had to be
funny the same as when you were
5 and that
was not the one who insulted the isi
saying the love
of the same
third definition of the rae surely there will
be support
that is defending it t
and the miniature has put the
nazi symbol on her forehead
then totally absurd with that  this is
my specific tweet the age of 20 and 30
because at those ages from
20 22 etcetera way of being your
way of perceiving the world is already
conceived and the changes
how old is this guy, I
mean he thinks that at 20 years old your
way of being
and your person is already conceived dude he is
22 or 23 years old maybe that is the problem
with this kid how old is this
guy are
you who think the same
are you who think the same the ravioli
bridas when he was 33 now at 36
at all and I'm not talking to you about
20 to 30 I'm talking to you about 32 of
33 now
he thinks that at 23 although at 20
you don't have the maturity to realize
the situations and the things he looks
older that he had churras and the truth is that
yes let's
see I think he is my age
no but I say it ironically I think he
is my age because I remember
hearing him sometimes yes he is 35
hours old and I think that  is
85 like me
[ __ ] this type can't think if
being my age I
go out
I literally watch my videos or I listen to
my videos from 4 or 5 years ago air of the little
[ __ ]
what a chalice of square
life changes you and you know it
never from the same circle the same
friends the same environment the same but
when you expand and under the
symptoms people you also change
because you see more ways of thinking
you debate more the mind always comes out
acquiring knowledge you
acquire
ways of seeing life from another
perspective and such and change in many
things I
mean I myself do not manage things the
same as in 2019 as now because why are they
going to smoke me again because [ __ ]
because I consider that the accumulated now is much better
but I cannot give thousands of examples of
discussions fights ways of
carrying out friendships ways of
arguing I cannot give a thousand examples in which
I am absolutely another person
who is 2019 2018
in fact I often watch my videos
and just as I made a mistake here like the
street here and I am not you  talking about
20 to 30 to 30 g not even from 20 to
40 I'm talking to you about ravioli
meira
and I'm
about javi from 2018 and 2022 four years
22 22
how the [ __ ] are you not going to understand that
in 2019 he debated they got up and
we grabbed the bulera always the same it
came out and he came out humiliated because
that kid is very stupid anyway but today he would have
taken it today he would have taken it let's
go the dance of his
life in another way
debates for example the debate per
day he shouted and now you
understand me I mean because it changes
you realize some things other
things you learn to manage
situations in life I
don't understand why he's afraid the
best thing is that a
20 22 year old person tells you, not only does he believe it, we
can't laugh but not in a
bad way but in a way it's better not to have
programmed in your
thirties because at 20 it already shapes your
way of being
that at 20 it has the established way of being
of tweeter  I specifically state the
ages of 20 and 30 because at those
ages, from 20, 22, etc.,
your way of perceiving the
world is already conceived, and those who
perceive it as an
unnoticed woman at 20,
my way of perceiving life
will surely be different in 4 or 5 years
than it is now. Filippo
is bigger than ever, God, what an
[ __ ], what a big god, and
we're halfway through the video,
we're halfway through the video, in which he
hasn't told us [ __ ], he's been
banned
in this time, which I find really stupid,
Javi, you were left in good shape, here I
got the impression that if I spoke
well of you, where to
click,
I get the impression that they did
manage to do something right here, Xavi is here, God, he
always comes back, look, I didn't do anything, damn it
was a mistake, I
don't know if I would have done anything, understands a
punishment, but as much as suspending my
account as if I were a terrorist, I [ __ ] myself
that he was a little furry,
the changes you can make are minimal,
obviously the changes you can make
are minimal from the age of 20, that is
literally I thank life
I thank life although well
the best would not have been but I
thank life for not having started
uploading videos since I was 15 or 14
years old like many on YouTube where
the kids from the pools started and
they are super young there already I
thank life for not having put me
in the media since
SADAT
because what a [ __ ] resume I would have now what a resume I would have
now it would be
to
fly
but I said
nobody thinks the same from 20 to 30 I
consider that I entered in the month and I
would have been a more mature person but
I
to the lies [ __ ] I
began to mature as a result of thinking about that
father but I got a burst
until the up to 34 years ago to a kid
still half a dog and
I still consider that the last three years
more or less of my life
have been what most entry of state of
truth in which my way of being
and of seeing life and of changing and my
attitude is when it has focused
and I believe that is more  or less than normal and I
think that
being here on the internet connecting
with people from all over the world has helped a lot
and the conflicts the experiences I had also help a lot
you know if you have had another type of
content another type of work maybe
if I had stayed in the
job I had I would probably still be the
same as three or four years ago
Buenos Aires 15 if there was internet
we had a website in fact I wish I
could get the website back I created it
plus canijo dotcom it was called that's why I'm
telling you everything
on this side
changes but much less than from
10 to 20 what I mean is
that from those you touched the support
and it changes a lot from 0 from
0 to 10
this kid how surprised he is that things are
n't going well for him on YouTube man
you are supposed to put yourself
in front of the camera to contribute things
thought to do like that to people
no it's no longer true what he says
in this way of thinking
but dissolved here a nonsense
what
is pure pure hater the only thing it's
good for is points hater with nothing
in his head and I don't want  offending
the girl already makes me feel sorry I
say it but the only thing I see it
serves this boy for and that is that he is
my age
is that he is my age goodbye it
seems that he makes the video for
12 year olds because surely that is
Loranca
this way of acting and expressions that
are not natural in the child this man
is not in front of the camera speaking to you in
a spontaneous and natural way as he would
speak to you lumbar
the phrase of the words or anything do you
understand me it
is pure seite or because when the only thing
is pure seite or when it is against Dallas
the atheists with phrases full of oil in which
you find yourself in the typical
youtube comments
for the missionary vote let's reason
let's explain argue 20 years
once adolescence is over the
personality of each one is already
configured as well as their tastes their
preferences and their way of understanding the
world
listen to the truth us day
at 20 years old are configured
do it babies that bang bang put the
latest version of windows and they give me
figures badly or they have made it serious
that the tastes  they are already configured
and the same thing that came back 20 years ago
I don't like that many women don't have the same
72 and it changes
how will God have it how will he have the
same taste
from 20 to 30 and something
but here they are not talking about Dallas
now but I think that the issue of
positioning themselves like that against the video everything a
little bit also because of the fact that
vila has to point out like he made a
video with Dallas and coming has no
relationship with Dallas they do not have
a cordial relationship
I follow you you follow me there is no
problem between us you leave me I
leave you
literally if Javi take them at random
in that it
is irony it
is not irony it is not irony you are 20 years old
to say that I mean
literally that look it is impossible
now it is not only that
we are not only talking about the age of the
person it is that we are talking about the
times times evolve and
things are seen in a different way
in my grandfather's time it was seen as bad
for women to work no
women had to stay at home
and in the times of our parents
of our parents  I saw it as more normal
for death to work,
that depends on how old they were, it doesn't
depend on the times and the society,
the things that happened, look, when I
was, it does
n't sell. When I was
18, things like that.
Before that, men didn't wear
pink,
at least in my country,
men didn't wear pink. They
started to, we started to wear it. I was one
of the most daring and I bought my
pink t-shirts, my red shirts, and one of the
most daring people, Messi, to
Wii in pink or to love, now, buddy, bch, how
cool is the shirt? Low that pink. The
thing is, pink
started when I was my age, from the
disco, which I think was 18 or 19, that
's when they started leaving the
kids' clothes store.
Pink started to be worn
and the most daring was the one who
wore it. They
would say, "Gay,
if you wear pink,
you're worth it." That's what happened today to kids of that
age and it seems like you're telling them
something about the Second World War and that's what
the kids are giving you.
I'm telling my
own  times are changing
not only the age that is also it
is literally impossible for you to have
configured the tastes and the
personality of the way of seeing the
world and the whole perspective of everything from
20 to 30 that does not change you has to be
involved in a [ __ ] there
can be other relationships with
absolutely no one
because it would be against not only
against your age and your progress but
against the progress of the world god
Mendez of the being
if you want to tell your audience that they
are people who do not like to
interact with anyone and not leave the
house or anything
call them hermits do
not use a disorder call them
hermits the third acceptance of the
RAI is not the one you were using
when you have said on numerous
occasions severe autism problems
my audience has autism what a
degree of autism we have you
are not making use of the third
acceptance of the RAE
the rate being from the second of the
first and you know it perfectly
and from the way that you used it why it is the one
you invite even the
way of speaking
progresses and leaves the cave already had a
word
hermits that would be the correct word
without disrespecting anyone
in general and I think
my tweet was not understood well because there were people
telling me things like then and that
I liked to laugh with emoji movie and when I
grow up it gives me client so it still makes me
laugh but in reality I hide it
asked well let's
see to start we have imovie I don't
know what year it is but I think it's 2017
in 2017 you consider that you were little
okay and we are in 2022 that is
five years ago you were little now how
old are you sixteen you have not even
finished puberty and the other type of
people are the ones who say things like I do
n't think anyone still likes
bad elf memes or pacman something
that was only four years ago let's
see it's not that they don't make fun of you because it's
been four years you don't make fun of you
because they're burned out because a
joke made many times loses its
grace that is not the point of the matter the
point of the matter is not that you have to
make the same joke over and over
again the point is your sense of humor
how your mind works when it comes to
perceiving funny things, things that are
embarrassing and things that you don't like,
if a person at 25 or 20 finds
racist jokes funny, it's
very likely that at 30 they will still find
those kinds of jokes funny,
but not the same joke, of course, the same
joke is no longer funny
because they've heard it 20 times, but your
sense of humor, your way of
understanding it, works the same way
because it has obviously already been configured, and
making that change, your tastes change, is
very complicated when you are older
and your working life, your
working life, going out on the street to UGT,
life to interact with clients, not your
working life and the situation, it is the
way of solving problems and so on,
already makes you change your mind, it is maturing
and we'll see, in another way, no, I am
not talking to you about the world, times of
interacting with many people and such,
then, having explained this, let's
go back to my thread in which I say that you
like black humor, there is nothing
wrong with it, I love it, I enjoy it, I
love to imagine grotesque situations and
monstrosities and like me, many
people the sad thing is being so prudish
as to not accept that the human brain is
like that the one who according to him is defending
Sara and is not attacking her
according to him he is defending her
because he thinks it is fine that
those jokes are funny what I do not
think is right is that they bet prudish
of not accepting that no, do not continue
making jokes because they ruin you no
because you are not thankful
that is what is stupid the sad thing is being so
prudish of not accepting that the
human brain is like that the criticism sara is not
going to her humor it is not even going to these
tweets that I have put there they may
or may not make you laugh you may seem like
shitty jokes or not sincerely
I do not care what you think the thing is they are not
even clichs dude it
is not even without exception
they are stupid they are not
even jokes let's
start from the basis that the three are not
jokes they are stupid they
made me laugh right now I did not know the
next one by heart well I am
terrible at jokes they
are not jokes it is
legitimate that you  be funny what I'm
saying is that Sara found it funny when she was
20 it's very likely that now at
thirty something she finds it just as funny
another thing is that she knows that she can't
do them because literally
what she's defending her defense you
know is that she actually
still finds those things funny what
happens is that she stops doing them
because they can smoke her
the cherries of study the one that points you
to the trends and the tides and the
current walk around the state of the study
has a much larger audience than
in 2013 and doesn't want to lose the
approval of those people and I see it as
totally understandable and justifiable
but [ __ ] don't come and say no no it's that I've
changed it's not wrong it's not wrong that
you find things funny it's not wrong it's
with you at what point moment in the world have
we reached where we have to be
ashamed of the things that we find
funny it's really very strong it's that
people talk about
freedom of expression
the video and all that and you wait
the bad thing about your father talking to you about
masturbation is that one day you'll have to
help him because his hand will get tired
this doesn't exist works that you follow us a
nonsense a hundred senses look let's see for
sure here there is something
the
black vega in my house everyone plays an
instrument my mother the guitar I the
drum my sister the piano and my father the
viola
hahaha
maricarmen mnica or oatmeal to dinner with the
rapper okay here yes minister the sms to
gps told me what do you think about black humor
humor in general that is necessary
black humor homophobic
racist sexist humor seems natural to me but
natural since always Seneca said it
all things deserve our laughter or
our tears it is usually laughed at with
black humor jokes
[Laughter]
on the subject of the grace of the joke god
you like you who are a person
nestor
now not nestor forgive me but I have been
serving
since in fact who can be offended
because Rom Gallardo appears playing a
slave playing a slave or Roma
Gallardo playing death or roba
Gallardo from the center there are no filters in
humor that you think let's see look you can laugh
and laugh and continue being  a scoundrel
starts out that it doesn't matter if you laugh at
things it matters with what sense you laugh at
things if you laugh at someone because
you're rejoicing in their misfortune or you
just find the
situation funny and then you run to help them
lie about what you tell me let's deceive working copyright has rights and 5 150 p what is the difference between a woman and copyright in that copyright has
rights you
can't stand
how a pregnancy test is done in
Africa you put a loaf of bread up their
ass if it comes out bitten it's positive it's a
joke in Africa there is no bread
no this is not a joke god they are
falling apart as they get
closer to a developed country now
these three sheets are the worst
these three years are the worst the
truth is that all trips
for example
and anyway
for us to be the first thing that becomes
disgrace there has to be a double
meaning a play on words and such and I
had opened some tweet from Sara that it
wasn't a black sea it was just loose nonsense
like insults because if a lack of
respect for defeated  nonsense because if it's
worth, for example, it seems terrible to me that the
role role gave a role of they had jokes
jokes it was not obvious they improve it was an
attempt at a joke but the offense to Marta
del Castillo to the family of Marta del
Castillo
okay then why because it seems
worse to me because it was not black humor
at the moment that you are
directly getting into a person
the chipset was already personified
to understand me that seems worse to me you
know what I'm telling you I will
leave it without nonsense there is some you it
disgusts you but that I take out those three
from 2013
then the visual visa
puts it
in the visual exposes nonsense like that and he is a
comedian he is professionally dedicated to that what he has
done is that they already cross those
types of lines and I no longer get involved there since it
is justice that does things or
whatever but I do not get involved there anything is worth yes they have
told me what sara has done
that they already cross those types of lines and I
no longer get involved okay there since it is
justice that does things or whatever
but I do not get involved there it is that I tell you
totally seriously the point  what we
are reaching in terms of
communicative freedom of people who have more or
less a voice within the network is that they are being
totally denied the capacity
for free expression they cannot say what
they really like they cannot say
what they really think because if they do it
can generate more reactions from
people so of course the safe way
to be able to create content on the internet
is to be totally white to be totally
harmless anyway in summary what I
wanted to say with those tweets is that
everyone likes the humor that they like they
like the jokes that they like and that is
reflected in your communication both on
twitter and on any social network
obviously with the passage of time with the
experience that you gain and also if you
grow in impact you have to
adapt your way of communicating in the way
of speaking
your content and depending on the audience you
reach you have to be aware
of what things you can and
cannot say there is no problem with
that there is no problem that sara
no longer makes jokes of that type but
what seems totally hypocritical to me of
an inconceivable magnitude for the
human being, to say that I have changed it no longer
strikes me as funny when she said  [ __ ] of the
truth and I don't do it because I want to reach a
wider audience and nothing else kids who are fed
up with my [ __ ] I hope you liked the video leave me in the comments what you think I love to read I'm serious I'm always there giving my heart as I always say the laical one killed the gray the world knows what but it's that he didn't answer the video seriously he gave he said the same thing as him
his [ __ ] piece of [ __ ] let's
see the strong point according to me
the strong point according to me
was made god
ah I put it in audio
11 points of support it's
useless if he says things and makes
a tremendous family a year two were
many years of this base there are no
people between 20 and 40 years old who were the
most spicy because twitter was about that it was about
being spicy of whoever
said the biggest aberration and everyone
celebrated it and everyone was already black already see in a
certain way it's true those of us who had
twitter back then 2010 2011 2012
we remember that it was a kind of jungle
where it was a battle to have  who
said the biggest stupid thing that will ever
cross your mind and try to get
attention and gain followers by
being extremely transgressive and I think
that if we all looked in the archives
of our tweets in our
old twitter accounts we would find
real savagery so although I know it
is an unpopular opinion totally in this I
give him an incredible point love
no that
was what he did not bring out in his
video but well there is the laser being
laser the truth is that asking a guy who
weighs but well we did not have anything else hey let's
see the things that we have we have
dealt with
[Music]